Question
The current selected programming language is Python3.12. We emphasize the submission of
a fully working code over partially correct but efficient code. Once submitted, you
cannot review this problem again. You can use print to debug your code. The print may
not work in case of syntax/runtime error. The version of Python3.12 being used is 3.12.
John misses his bus and has to walk all his way from home to school. The distance
between his school and home is D units. He starts his journey with an initial energy of
K units. His energy decreases by 1 unit for every unit of distance walked. On his way to
school, there are N juice stalls. Each stall has a specific amount of juice in liters.
His energy increases by 1 unit for every liter of juice he consumes. Note that in order
to keep him walking he should have non-zero energy. Write an algorithm to help John
figure out the minimum number of juice stalls at which he should stop to successfully
reach the school. In case he can't reach the school, the output will be-1.

Input
The first line of the input consists of an integer N, representing the number of juice
stalls. The second line consists of N space-separated integers-disty, dist.. distyy
representing the distance of the ith stall from John's
home.
The third line consists of N space-separated integers - lity, litlity representing the
liters of juice available at the ith stall. The last line consists of two
space-separated integers - Dand Krepresenting the distance of the school from John's
home and his initial energy, respectively.

Output
Print an integer representing the minimum number of juice stalls at which John should
stop to reach the school successfully

Constraints
1≤ N ≤104 1 ≤ dist; < D≤ 105
1 slits 1000
1sis N 0≤x≤105

Example

Input:
4
57810
2315
155

Output:

----------------------------------------
中文翻译
----------------------------------------

题目描述：
John 需要从家走到学校，总距离为 D，初始体力为 K。
每走 1 单位距离消耗 1 点体力；途中有 N 个果汁摊，每个摊位可以补充一定体力。
要求在体力始终保持可继续前进的前提下，求最少需要停靠多少个摊位。
如果无法到达学校，输出 -1。

输入：
第一行是摊位数量 N。
第二行是各摊位距离家的位置。
第三行是各摊位可提供的果汁升数。
最后一行给出学校距离 D 和初始体力 K。

输出：
输出最少停靠的摊位数，无法到达则输出 -1。
