Question
当前选择的编程语言是java。注意要提交完全正确的代码,而不是部分正确但有效的代码。提交后,便无法再检查该题。可以使 用 System.out.println()
调试代码。出现语法/运行时错误时,System.out.println()可能不起作用。使用的JDK版本是1.8 John misses his bus and has to
walk all his way from home to school. The distance between his school and home is D
units. He starts his journey with an initial energy of K units. His energy decreases by
1 unit for every unit of distance walked. On his way to school, there are N juice
stalls. Each stall has a specific amount of juice in liters. His energy increases by 1
unit for every liter of juice he consumes. Note that in order to keep him walking he
should have non-zero energy. Write an algorithm to help John figure out the minimum
number of juice stalls at which he should stop to successfully reach the school. In case
he can't reach the school, the output will be -1.

Input
The first line of the input consists of an integer N, representing the number of juice
stalls. The second line consists of N space-separated integers - dist,, dist... dist,
representing the distance of the ith stall from John's home. The third line consists of
N space-separated integers - lit, lit, lity representing the liters of juice available
at the ith stall. The last line consists of two space-separated integers - Dand
Krepresenting the distance of the school from John's home and his initial energy,
respectively.

Output
Print an integer representing the minimum number of juice stalls at which John should
stop to reach the school successfully

Constraints
1sNs 104
1 s dist, <Ds 105
1s lit,s 1000
1sis N
Os Ks105

Example Input:
4
57810
2315
155

Output:
3

Explanation:
John's initial energy is 5 units, with which he can reach the first stall. At this
point, his energy is zero units. He can get 2 units of energy from this stall. With 2
units of energy, he can move a further 2 units of distance to reach the second stall.
Here his energy is zero again. He can get 3 units of energy from this stall. 5°C
多云

----------------------------------------
中文翻译
----------------------------------------

题目描述：
John 需要从家走到学校，总距离为 D，初始体力为 K。
每走 1 单位距离消耗 1 点体力；途中有 N 个果汁摊，每个摊位可以补充一定体力。
要求在体力始终保持可继续前进的前提下，求最少需要停靠多少个摊位。
如果无法到达学校，输出 -1。

输入：
第一行是摊位数量 N。
第二行是各摊位距离家的位置。
第三行是各摊位可提供的果汁升数。
最后一行给出学校距离 D 和初始体力 K。

输出：
输出最少停靠的摊位数，无法到达则输出 -1。
