Question
The current selected programming language is Swift. We emphasize the submission of a
fully working code over partially correct but efficient code. Once submitted, you cannot
review this problem again. You can use print() to debug your code. The printo may not
work in case of syntax/runtime error. The version of Swift being used is 4.0.3. A
virtual memory management system in an operating system uses First-In-First-Out (FIFO)
cache. When a requested memory page is not in the cache and the cache is full, the page
that has been in the cache for the longest duration is removed to make room for the
requested page. If the cache is not full, then the requested page can simply be added to
the cache. A given page should occur once in the cache at most. Given the maximum size
of the cache and an array of page requests, calculate the number of cache misses. A
cache miss occurs when a page is requested but is not found in the cache. Initially, the
cache is empty.

Input
The first line of the input consists of an positive integer- page requests size,
representing the total number of pages (N). The second line contains N space-separated
positive integers - page requests[0]1 page requests[1]... page requests[N- 11,
representing the page requests for N pages. The last line consists of an integer-
max_cache_size, representing the size of the cache.

Output
Print an integer representing the number of cache misses.

Note
Assume that the array page requests contains pages numbered in the range 1-50. A page at
index i in page requests is requested before a page at index 1+1.

Example Input:
6
121312
2

Output:
5

Explanation:
Cache state as requests come in ordered longest-time-in-cache to shortest-time-in-cache:
12
12
23
314-
12-
Asterisk() represents a cache miss, So the total number of cache misses is 5.

----------------------------------------
中文翻译
----------------------------------------

题目描述：
操作系统使用 FIFO（先进先出）缓存。
当请求的页面不在缓存中时，如果缓存已满，就移除最早进入缓存的页面；
如果缓存未满，则直接加入。一个页面在缓存中最多出现一次。
请计算给定页面请求序列的缓存未命中次数。

输入：
第一行是页面请求总数 N。
第二行是 N 个页面请求。
最后一行是缓存大小。

输出：
输出缓存未命中的次数。
