Question
The current selected programming language is Python3.12. We emphasize the submission of
a fully working code over partially correct but efficient code. Once submitted, you
cannot review this problem again. You can use print to debug your code. The print may
not work in case of syntax/runtime error. The version of Python3,12 being used is 3.12.
In a city there are N houses. Noddy is looking for a plot of land in the city on which
to build his house. He wants to buy the largest plot of land that will allow him to
build the largest possible house. All the houses in the city lie in a straight line and
all of them have a house number and a second number indicating the position of the house
from the entry point in the city. Noddy wants to find the houses between which he can
build the largest possible house. Write an algorithm to help Noddy find the house
numbers between which he can build his largest possible house.

Input
The first line of the input consists of two space-separated integers - num and val
representing the number of houses (N) and the value val (where val is always equal to
two representing the house number (H) and the position of houses (P) for N houses). The
next N lines consist of two space-separated integers representing the house number (H)
and the position (P), respectively.

Output
Print two space-separated integers representing the house numbers in ascending order
between which the largest plot is available.

Constraints
2s nums 106
1sHs 100
0≤ P, <106
Osi<num

Note
No two houses have the same position. In the case of multiple possibilities, print the
one with the least distance from the reference point.

Example

Input:
52
37
19
20
515
430
Output: 45

Explanation:
The largest land area (size 15 units) is available between the houses numbered 4 and 5.
So the output contains these house numbers in ascending order.

----------------------------------------
中文翻译
----------------------------------------

题目描述：
给定若干房屋的编号和它们在直线上的位置，找出相邻两栋房屋之间最大的空地，
并输出这两栋房屋的编号（按升序输出）。
如果有多处空地大小相同，输出离城市入口更近的那一组。

输入：
第一行给出房屋数量 N 以及固定值 2。
接下来 N 行，每行给出房屋编号 H 和位置 P。

输出：
输出两个整数，表示最大空地两侧的房屋编号。
