Question
The current selected programming language is Python3.12. We emphasize the submission of
a fully working code over partially correct but efficient code. Once submitted, you
cannot review this problem again. You can use print to debug your code. The print may
not work in case of syntax/runtime error. The version of Python3.12 being used is 3.12.
In a state, N'cities with unique city codes from 1 to N are connected by N-1 roads. The
road network is in the form of a tree of which each road connects two cities. A path is
a road, or a combination of roads, connecting any two cities. Each road has a toll booth
that collects a toll equal to the maximum number of paths of which that particular road
is part. The state transportation authority wishes to identify the road on which the
maximum toll revenue is collected. Write an algorithm to help the transportation
authority identify the pair of cities connected by the road on which the maximum toll
revenue is collected. The output should be sorted in increasing order. If more than one
road collects the same total revenue, then output the pair of cities that have the
smaller city code.

Input
The first line of the input consists of two space-separated integers-N and R
representing the number of cities in the state and the number of roads, respectively.
The next R lines consist of two space-separated integers city1 and city2, representing
the cities connected by a road.

Output
Print two space-separated sorted integers representing the cities connected by the road
on which the maximum toll revenue is collected. If two or more toll booths collect the
same total revenue, then print the pair of cities with lexicographically smaller codes.

Constraints
28 N≤ 105
R-N-1
1s city1, city2s. N

Note
There is only one path between any two cities. One city can be connected to at most 10
other cities.

Example

Input:
43
12
23
34
Output: 23

Explanation:
Road (2,3) lies between the pairs of cities: (1,3)(1,4),(2,3),(2,4). So, the maximum
toll collected by the road connecting cities 2 and 3-4.

----------------------------------------
中文翻译
----------------------------------------

题目描述：
一个州的城市通过 N-1 条道路构成一棵树。
一条道路的收费与“经过这条路的不同城市对路径数量”成正比。
请找出产生最大收费的那条道路，并输出它连接的两个城市编号。
如果有多条道路并列最大，输出字典序更小的那一对。

输入：
第一行给出城市数 N 和道路数 R。
接下来 R 行每行给出一条道路连接的两个城市。

输出：
输出两个升序排列的城市编号。
