Question
3
code over partially correct but efficient code. Once submitted, you cannot review this
problem again. You can use System.out.println() to debug your code. The
System.out.println() may not work in case of syntax/runtime error. The version of JDK
being used is 1.8. Note: The main class name must be "Solution". Ethan is the leader of
a team with N members. He has assigned an error score to each member in his team based
on the bugs that he has found in that particular team member's task. Because the error
score has increased to a significantly large value, he wants to give all the team
members a chance to improve their error scores, thereby improving their reputation in
the organization. He introduces a new rule that whenever a team member completes a
project successfully, the error score of that member decreases by a count P and the
error score of all the other team members whose score is greater than zero decreases by
a count Q. Write an algorithm to help Ethan find the minimum number of projects that the
team must complete in order to make the error score of all the team members zero.

Input
The first line of the input consists of an integer- errorScore_size, representing the
total number of team members (N). The second line consists of N space-separated
integers- errorScore, representing the initial error scores of the team members. The
third line consists of an integer- compP, representing the count by which the error
score of the team member who completes a project successfully decreases (P). The last
line consists of an integer- othQ, representing the count by which the error score of
the team member whose error score is greater than zero decreases (Q).

Output
Print an integer representing the minimum number of projects that the team must complete
in order to make the error score of all the team members zero. If no project need to be
completed then print
0.

Constraints
1 s errorScore_sizes 2*105 1s othQs compPs 109 Os errorScores 109

Note
The error score of any team member can never be less than zero.

Example

Input:
3
641
4
1
Output: 3

----------------------------------------
中文翻译
----------------------------------------

题目描述：
团队有 N 名成员，每个人有一个错误分数。
每完成一个项目，负责该项目的成员错误分数减少 P，
其余错误分数大于 0 的成员都减少 Q，且分数不会降到 0 以下。
请计算至少需要完成多少个项目，才能使所有成员的错误分数都变为 0。

输入：
第一行是成员数量 N。
第二行是各成员初始错误分数。
第三行是 P。
第四行是 Q。

输出：
输出最少需要完成的项目数。
